Added support for Runtimes (#1462)
zeit/docs: components/references-mdx/configuration/configuration/configuration.mdx

  }
}`}</Code>

## functions

**Type:** `Object` of function `Object`.

**Valid values:** a list of function definitions.

**Function object definition:**

- `runtime` (optional): The npm package name of a [Runtime](/docs/runtimes), including its version.

> - `memory` (optional): An integer defining the memory your serverless function should be provided with (between `128` and `3008`, in steps of `64`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `memory` (optional): An integer defining the memory your Serverless Function should be provided with (between `128` and `3008`, in intervals of `64`).
```

> - `maxDuration` (optional): An integer defining how long your serverless function should be allowed to run on every request in seconds (between `1` and the maximum limit of your plan, as mentioned below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `maxDuration` (optional): An integer defining how long your Serverless Function should be allowed to run on every request in seconds (between `1` and the maximum limit of your plan, as mentioned below).
```

> - `includeFiles` (optional): A [glob](https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob#glob-primer) pattern to match files that should be included in your Serverless Function. If you’re using a Community Runtime, the behavior might vary. Please consult its documentation for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `includeFiles` (optional): A [glob](https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob#glob-primer) pattern to match files that should be included in your Serverless Function. If you are using a Community Runtime, the behavior may vary. Please consult the [Community Runtime documentation](/docs/builders#advanced-usage/community-runtimes) for more details.
```

> - `excludeFiles` (optional): A [glob](https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob#glob-primer) pattern to match files that should be excluded from your Serverless Function. If you’re using a Community Runtime, the behavior might vary. Please consult its documentation for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `excludeFiles` (optional): A [glob](https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob#glob-primer) pattern to match files that should be excluded in your Serverless Function. If you are using a Community Runtime, the behavior may vary. Please consult the [Community Runtime documentation](/docs/builders#advanced-usage/community-runtimes) for more details.
```

**Description:**

> By default, no configuration is needed to deploy serverless functions to ZEIT Now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, no configuration is needed to deploy Serverless Functions to ZEIT Now.
```

> For all [officially supported runtimes](/docs/v2/serverless-functions/supported-languages/), the only requirement is creating a `api` directory and placing your serverless functions inside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all [officially supported runtimes](/docs/v2/serverless-functions/supported-languages/), the only requirement is to create an `api` directory at the root of your project directory, placing your Serverless Functions inside.
```

> When deployed, each serverless function receives the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deployed, each Serverless Function receives the following properties:
```

- **Memory:** 1024 MB (1 GB)
- **Maximum Execution Duration:** 10s (Free), 60s (Pro), 600s (Business), or 900s (Enterprise)

To configure them, you can add the `functions` property like so:

<Code lang="json">{`{
  "functions": {
    "api/test.js": {
      "memory": 3008,
      "maxDuration": 60
    }
  }
}`}</Code>

Both sub properties are optional and need to match the following constraints mentioned at the top of this section.

In order to use a runtime that is not [officially supported](/docs/v2/serverless-functions/supported-languages/), you can add a `runtime` property to the definition:

<Code lang="json">{`{
  "functions": {
    "api/test.php": {
      "runtime": "now-php"
    }
  }
}`}</Code>

> In the example above, the `api/test.php` serverless function does use one of the [officially supported runtimes](/docs/v2/serverless-functions/supported-languages/). In turn, a `runtime` property was added in order to invoke the [now-php](https://www.npmjs.com/package/now-php) community runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, the `api/test.php` Serverless Function does not use one of the [officially supported runtimes](/docs/v2/serverless-functions/supported-languages/). In turn, a `runtime` property was added in order to invoke the [now-php](https://www.npmjs.com/package/now-php) community runtime.
```
